hey a folks to do here so I want to give
you guys an update about the month of
May and June and everything that's going
to happen now that we finished the
Kickstarter so first thing may may I
will not be making many videos I will
actually probably be doing only shorts
and there's a reason for this and I feel
this is important to say because this is
going to be a pretty big part of my life
not related to gaming at all you notice
this book back here it's kind of hard to
see it when it's like that this book is
called moxie and it is a story about
friends helping each other when a parent
or family member has cancer and my
sister got this in the mail Wow week and
a half ago maybe two weeks ago and while
my mother has breast cancer luckily we
found it at like stage zero I think
that's what they actually called it
stage zero it is a cancerous lump in her
breast essentially and it is operable we
will be getting rid of it will be
treating it with radiation but I mean
it's it's cancer it's a c-word it's a
scary or that I don't actually like to
say it but we're doing what we need to
do we're fighting through it where you
know kicking its ass as much as we
possibly can we've already got a date
for surgery scheduled and then we know
but the radiation follow up or we're
actually in a really good position I
mean we found it super early at that
like in a way I'm not scared because
statistically we should be fine but you
know it's still terrifying at the same
time but because of that because of the
surgery because of all that the rest of
me I'm going to be helping my family out
it's what I have to do there's just
nothing I can do in its place I'll have
some spare time i'll be making shorts
i'll be looking at things that aren't
directly in the gameplay talking about
how teams are reacting just instincts
quite a bit will be most likely
beautiful things to talk about but
moving on from just these direct
gameplay videos butch will be back in
June when I have more time right now
it's me and my immediate family
take care of my mom by June will have
extended family my grandma will be here
for quite some time I will have my idea
patty should be in the u.s. to help take
care of my mom her older sis so she will
have support I will of course still be
supporting her in the daytime but
starting in June that's when I will be
you know focusing on the dailies that's
when i'll be back essentially think of
this as a small hiatus i will actually
probably do some of the lessons that
were part of the kickstarter maybe some
of the games but overall a big thing of
my life has come up and i just have to
deal with it is actually why I've been
so I don't want to say lazy but I just
have not been making enough videos these
past couple weeks either like I don't
like doing it but I have to do what I
have to do I don't you have to go to
doctors offices when you have to take
care of before year old and try to
explain what cancer is it's it's tricky
it's tricky but that brings us to June
June and onward we were going through
with this the kicker was successful
everything has gone through there were
no hiccups I'm getting the system i need
i'm getting the space I need everything
will be awesome to stream to make just
awesome interactive media in this coming
month and I'm glad to do it it will be
fun it will be cool be awesome as for
the rewards well one of the things was
going to be a 24 hour stream I'm still
going to do that most likely this will
be a charity stream I just want to make
a few the rewards will pop in in that
case the shoutouts will of course take
place during that and I'll try and work
in a few things just you know to keep it
up spice it up keep it exciting and the
24 hour stream will be happening in June
everything will go on as normal
essentially June and onward I'll be
casting tournaments uh-huh I got an
offer recently for a tournament at the
end of june i don't actually have it
confirmed yet but i'll be doing some
some aged attorneys it should be fun it
should be fun so that is for everything
past May and I figured you know what I
need to tell you guys because past
couple weeks have been doing enough and
these couple weeks i'm not going to be
doing much
they're so the studio saying adios hooks
and I will see you a whole lot more in
jubail still see you every now and then
it may see you folks